IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. THIS IS A LICENSE AGREEMENT!

USEQUENCER CUTSCENE CREATION TOOL

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international copyright 
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. This SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.

End User License Agreement

This End User License Agreement (""EULA"") is a legal agreement between Licensee 
(either an individual, single entity or corporation) and The developer Terry Magnus Drever 
(herein referred to as "Well Fired Development"). with regard to the copyrighted Software 
(herein referred to as ""SOFTWARE PRODUCT"" or ""SOFTWARE"") provided with this EULA. 
The SOFTWARE PRODUCT includes computer software, the associated media, any printed materials, 
and any ""online"" or electronic documentation. Use of any software and related documentation 
provided to you by Well Fired Development in whatever form or media, will constitute your 
acceptance of these terms, unless separate terms are provided by the software 
supplier, in which case certain additional or different terms may apply. If you do not 
agree with the terms of this EULA do not use the Software and uninstall it. By continuing 
past this EULA, and/or using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you agree to be bound by the 
terms of this EULA.  If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, Well Fired 
Development is unwilling to license the SOFTWARE PRODUCT to you. 

1.  Eligible Licensees. This Software is available for license solely to SOFTWARE 
owners, with no right of duplication or further distribution, licensing, or sub-licensing.  IF 
YOU DO NOT OWN THE SOFTWARE, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY 
OR USE THE SOFTWARE.
 
2.  License Grant.  Well Fired Development grants to you a personal, non-transferable 
and non-exclusive right to use the Software provided with this EULA. You agree you will 
not copy the Software except as necessary for your single use. You may install the 
Software on as many computers as you wish for your single and individual use. 
Modifying, translating, renting, copying, transferring or assigning all or part of the 
Software, or any rights granted hereunder, to any other persons and removing any 
proprietary notices, labels or marks from the Software is strictly prohibited.  
Furthermore, you hereby agree not to create derivative works based on the Software.  
You may not transfer this Software.

Licensee may, however, may: (i) make modifications (”Modifications”) to portions of the 
source code of the software as authorized by Well Fired Development, for its internal 
product development purposes and for incorporation of such Modifications, in binary form 
only, into Licensee’s game products (“Licensee Games”), and (ii) Licensee may redistribute, 
in binary form only any portions of the Software which Well Fired Development has marked as 
“Sample” or “Redistributable” code in Licensee Games. Additionally, Licensee may make a 
reasonable number of copies of the Software for its own internal business needs and is free
to distribute this internally, within the team, however, not the larger corporate entity.

3.  Copyright.  The Software is licensed, not sold.  You acknowledge that no title to the 
intellectual property in the Software is transferred to you. You further acknowledge that 
title and full ownership rights to the Software will remain the exclusive property of Well 
Fired Development and/or its suppliers, and you will not acquire any rights to the 
Software, except as expressly set forth above. All copies of the Software will contain the 
same proprietary notices as contained in or on the Software. All title and copyrights in 
and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT (including but not limited to any images, 
photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text and ""applets,"" incorporated into the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, are owned by Well Fired Development or its suppliers.  The 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international treaty 
provisions.

4.  Reverse Engineering.  You agree that you will not attempt, and if you are a 
corporation, you will use your best efforts to prevent your employees and contractors 
from attempting to reverse compile, modify, translate or disassemble the Software in 
whole or in part. Any failure to comply with the above or any other terms and conditions 
contained herein will result in the automatic termination of this license and the reversion 
of the rights granted hereunder to Well Fired Development.

5.  Disclaimer of Warranty. The Software is provided ""AS IS"" without warranty of any 
kind. Well Fired Development and its suppliers disclaim and make no express or implied 
warranties and specifically disclaim the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a 
particular purpose and non-infringement of third-party rights. The entire risk as to the 
quality and performance of the Software is with you. Neither Well Fired Development 
nor its suppliers warrant that the functions contained in the Software will meet your 
requirements or that the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free. 
You acknowledge that Well Fired Development may update, modify or cancel some or 
all of the functionality of the Software at any time, without prior notice. Well Fired 
Development IS NOT OBLIGATED TO PROVIDE ANY UPDATES TO THE 
SOFTWARE.

6.  Copyright.  The Software is licensed, not sold.  You acknowledge that no title to the 
intellectual property in the Software is transferred to you. You further acknowledge that 
title and full ownership rights to the Software will remain the exclusive property of Well 
Fired Development and/or its suppliers, and you will not acquire any rights to the 
Software, except as expressly set forth above. All copies of the Software will contain the 
same proprietary notices as contained in or on the Software. All title and copyrights in 
and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT (including but not limited to any images, 
photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text and ""applets,"" incorporated into the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, are owned by Well Fired Development or its suppliers.  The 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international treaty 
provisions.  You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT.

7.  Rental.  You may not loan, rent, or lease the SOFTWARE.  

8.  Upgrades.  If the SOFTWARE is an upgrade from an earlier release or previously 
released version, you now may use that upgraded product only in accordance with this 
EULA.  If the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is an upgrade of a software program which you 
licensed as a single product, the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be used only as part of 
that single product package and may not be separated for use by anyone other than the 
individual user who has been granted the license.

9.  OEM Product Support. Product support for the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided 
by Well Fired Development through an online website and documentation.  For product 
support, please visit https://sites.google.com/site/usequencer/.  Should you have any 
questions concerning this, please refer to the email address provided in the 
documentation.

10. No Liability for Consequential Damages.  In no event shall Well Fired Development 
or its suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, 
incidental, direct, indirect special and consequential damages, damages for loss of 
business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, loss from the need 
to modify files generated by the Software, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use 
or inability to use this SOFTWARE PRODUCT, even if Well Fired Development has 
been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Because some states/countries do not 
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the 
above limitation may not apply to you.

11. Indemnification By You.  If you distribute the Software in violation of this Agreement, 
you agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Well Fired Development and its 
suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees that arise or 
result from the use or distribution of the Software in violation of this Agreement.

12. Termination of Use. Without prejudice to any other rights, Well Fired Development 
may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this 
EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Software and all of its 
component parts. The above assurance and commitment as well as all warranties, 
representations, indemnity clauses and restrictions contained in this EULA, shall survive 
termination of this EULA.

Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you desire to contact Well 
Fired Development for any reason, please visit us on the World Wide Web at 
http://www.usequencer.com/contact

(rev. 14/07/2012)

